= UrlyBird

UrlyBird fetches all your URIs in one fell swoop.

Send UrlyBird off into the intricate canopies of your URI-inhabited content,
and watch him bring you back a beakful of Addressable::URI objects
to do with what you will.

== Installation

    $ gem install urlybird

== Quick Example

Add new or additional query string parameters:

  content = <<-EOL
  <a href="http://urlybird.com/">Worms</a>
  Worms: http://urlybird.com/search?q=worms
  EOL

  puts UrlyBird.seek(content) do |url|
    url.query_values = (url.query_values || {}).merge(:q1 => 'one')
  end

The above example will print:

    <a href="http://urlybird.com/?q1=one">Worms</a>
    Worms: http://urlybird.com/search?q=worms&q1=one"

== Details

`UrlyBird.seek` parses the string you provide extracting all URLs and yielding
each one to the block you specify as an {Addressable::URI}[link:https://github.com/sporkmonger/addressable]
instance. You can modify the yielded URI instance in place to change the URL
to your needs.

== Licence

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2012 Global Personals, Ltd.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.
